[upbeat electronic music]
*
So I don't think
I can do those things.
I thought the same thing
when I first joined CrossFit,
but I bet you'll
surprise yourself.
I know you have the stamina.
Well, I have
a very inspiring coach.
Do your best, all right.
I want this to be our thing.
It's a lot of fun, okay?
- Okay.
[claps]
[whistle chirps]
(man)
All right, listen up, class.
Today's workout is IDA.
- I hate IDA.
- Who's Ida?
IDA is a mean,
cold-hearted bitch.
IDA will find your weak spots
and exploit them.
IDA is 500 sit-ups, 200 burpees,
100 Olympic clean and presses,
then the three timed heats.
Don't worry.
It sounds worse
than it actually is.
Now, I'm required by our lawyers
to read this statement aloud.
"This is a strenuous workout.
"And we are not scaling
in here.
"So if you're 40 or older,
proceed at your own risk."
(man)
All right, guys.
Spread out.
[whistle chirps]
Burpees.
[upbeat pop music]
*
She-donism,
the latest soon-to-be
best seller
by our very own
Annabelle Bancroft.
Annabelle will be doing
Andy Cohen tonight
and Hoda and Kathie Lee tomorrow
before heading off
on her ten-city book tour.
I just want to say
I read the book last night,
loved it.
For those of you
who haven't seen the galleys,
the book is
about three best friends,
all recently divorced,
who make a slut pact
never to remarry.
Marketing has created t-shirts
to be given away
at point of purchase
and at the She-donism book
launch party tomorrow night.
Liza.
I'd like to bring
Anton Bjornberg.
He's alone here.
His family's in Sweden.
Also, he'd get to see what to
expect for his own launch party.
By all means,
invite him.
Thank you.
Just don't give him false
expectations
about his own book launch.
Not everyone can have champagne
in fur-wrapped bottles.
I need you to double confirm
the RSVP list
and make sure Anderson Cooper's
office knows
we will be sending a car
for him
and his hot Latin boyfriend.
Done and done.
And Annabelle insists that all
the vodka tomorrow night--
Organic and gluten-free.
Got it.
Are you limping?
What's wrong?
I need you not crippled
right now.
I'm sorry.
I took a CrossFit class
this morning,
and I think I tore my--
everything.
Liza, when I was your age,
I could run a 10K
and rehydrate
with White Russians.
Oh, God, help us.
She's smoking
in my office.
[laughs]
Sweetie.
(Diana)
Annabelle.
Oh, nobody told me
you were here.
I have some concerns
about tomorrow night.
I saw the media alert
for the party.
And, frankly,
I'm not happy.
Annabelle, it's going
to be a fantastic event
in one of the hottest clubs
in the Meatpacking District.
Which would all be just
so exciting
if this was 2003.
Why not just go all the way
and invite Paris Hilton?
She passed...
because she wasn't invited.
Sweetie,
you're phoning it in.
This party should be
somewhere interesting,
like in an industrial shipping
container
or some skanky club
in Brooklyn.
Liza lives in Brooklyn.
- Who?
- Liza.
My assistant, Liza.
She lives in Brooklyn.
Uh, yes, that's right.
I--I live in Williamsburg.
Is that the t-shirt?
Annabelle Bancroft.
It is so nice to meet you, Liza.
Annabelle, may I just say
what a fan I am of your work.
I've read all your books.
I loved Mantastic
and Goldman Sex.
Liza, just what are
we gonna do about this party?
I spent the last year
like a little mouse
in my little mouse house
typing and typing,
and now I just want
to have a good time.
Of course.
That's what we're here for.
I want this party
to be epic.
I want hot men
and live peacocks
and young people
that no one would ever think
to invite to something
like this,
because they're under the radar
and much too interesting
to bother.
They're on the cusp.
Do you know what I'm saying,
Liza?
Um, yes, yes, I do.
You want
cusp-ers,
young cusp-ers.
She knows
what I'm talking about.
Liza is my secret weapon
for all things youth culture.
She's dating a tattoo artist.
Uh, yes,
that's true.
He's pretty amazing.
He's invited.
Liza's going to step up
and really take charge
of making sure this party
is fun, young, and hot.
In fact, I'm going to make
her run point
for the party tomorrow.
Me?
Oh, wow.
Oh, God, please tell me
you're not one of those
earnest millenials
who's never had a cigarette
and thinks her parents
are heroes.
Nope.
Definitely not.
Guess who's just been promoted
to point person
on the She-donism party?
What?
Diana is giving up control?
Annabelle wants
a younger vibe.
Of course she does.
I'm sure she also has
some young intern
writing her tweets.
It's really amazing to me
the way this older generation
just totally exploits us
to try to seem relevant.
Uh, totally.
We should file
a class-action lawsuit
on behalf of exploited youth.
(Kelsey)
Right?
And then use that money to pay
for their Social Security,
which will go totally bankrupt
by the time we need it.
Everything okay?
Uh, I--I don't know.
It's my ex...
my exercise instructor.
He's worried about me.
That is so nice of him
to check in on you.
Yeah, I mean,
it was a really strenuous class.
Um, you know what,
why don't you go
to lunch without me.
I'm gonna let him know
that I'm okay.
Okay.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Liza)
David.
Liza.
Thanks for coming.
You look great.
- Thank you.
- Sit down.
I can only stay
for a few minutes.
Yeah.
Can we--
So she'll have French roast,
low-fat milk,
toasted scooped bagel
and a side of sliced cucumbers.
I forgot.
Hm, just the coffee, please.
Yeah?
All right,
what's the emergency, David?
Oh, okay, so, um...
I just have
to ask you a favor.
It's not gonna cost you
a dime.
What kind of favor?
I just want to sign over
the title of The Liza to you.
What? Why?
Just so we can keep it safe.
Did you gamble away the boat?
Lo--
[sighs]
A guy who hasn't fumbled
in his entire career
fumbles twice in one game.
How is that even possible?
David, what did I say
when I moved out?
I'm not asking for money.
It's just--It--
just some paperwork.
Why don't you ask
your girlfriend?
She's proving to be
less than sympathetic.
Does she not know
about this?
Liza, I hate asking you this.
I know how difficult
I've made things for you.
It's just, this boat means
a lot to me.
It's the last thing that I
have...
from us.
Just--just think about it.
Okay. I'll think about it.
Oh, yeah.
I got this.
I got it.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Actually,
do you have a single?
(Liza)
I can't believe we're
practically divorced,
and he's still pulling
this crap.
Then I see him, and it's like
this old feeling kicks in,
like I want to take care of him.
Well, I, for one,
say take the boat, sell it,
and keep the money.
Maggie, that boat
is practically worthless.
Half my memories are
of the two of us
bailing the damn thing out.
Well, then,
why does David want it?
I don't know.
It's like that boat
is that one connection he has
with the man he used to be
and I think
would like to be again.
[phone buzzing]
Annabelle says
she's gonna slit her wrists
if there's any fluorescent
lighting at the party,
and she wants to approve
all the waiters' head shots.
What a demanding bitch.
Can't wait to see my gift bag.
Uh. Ow.
Are you okay?
Uh, yeah.
I may have ruptured my groin.
It's a small price.
See you later.
Okay. Yeah.
No, no, I don't need a peahen.
I need a peacock.
Cock!
I need at least three
of the biggest,
most beautiful cocks you have.
(Diana)
Liza.
Come in my office.
I'm gonna have to call you back,
sir.
Liza, I hope you realize the
opportunity I'm giving you.
- I do, Diana.
- Good.
Because my assistants
don't stay assistants very long.
They move up,
or they move out.
I'm going to be following
this party very carefully...
on Twitter.
What--you're not gonna be there?
I have known Annabelle
since she was writing sex tips
for Cosmopolitan
back when I was your age.
- Seriously?
- Mm.
She used to be
my closest friend.
We were wild.
She was always trying
to get us to have a three-way
with Jay McInerney.
What happened?
Well, I got serious
about my career,
but for Annabelle,
the party never stopped.
I've tried to get her
into rehab.
There is only so much you can do
for people who need help,
but won't get it.
Well, sometimes people
need a second chance.
I don't carry deadweight well
in my personal life
or in my office.
Good luck tonight.
(man)
* Hey, hey, hey
* Hey, hey,
chicka-choo-cha *
(woman)
* Ah
Laurent,
I'm so sorry.
I don't see your name
on the list.
What's the last name?
It's just Laurent.
Never mind...
[speaks French]
Hey.
Oh, my gosh.
You look amazing.
Thanks. You too.
How's it going?
Oh, so far, so good.
I just wish people
were tweeting more.
I really need you to post
something cool,
like, every five minutes.
Okay, but can I send it as,
like, an email attachment
instead?
No.
Uh, just go find a hot girl
with a Twitter account.
All right, well, then,
she made a list.
Wait a second.
Courtney Austin is here?
Yeah, she's, like, the Martha
Stewart of beauty blogs.
Oh, yeah, I've had a thing
for that woman for years.
I mean, like, seriously,
vivid dreams--
absolutely filthy.
And I hear she's finally single.
- Excuse me.
- Okay.
- Lauren, hey.
- Hey.
You told me to bring people.
I brought my whole list.
So you don't have to worry
about your list.
Trust me.
My list is much better.
Oh, my God.
You got peacocks.
That is so awesome.
Yeah, and make sure
to tweet about it
and tag your friends,
hashtag #She-donism,
hashtag #SlutPact.
Relax.
They'll tweet.
- Liza.
- Annabelle.
Are you having fun?
Katie Holmes is here.
I just got
the most disturbing text.
Somebody turned away
my coke dealer at the door.
(Josh)
Hey, party girl.
Josh!
Hi.
Uh, Annabelle, this is Josh.
Annabelle, nice to meet you.
Okay, he is very hot.
And it's my party,
so every hot man here is
my property for the night.
Come on, Josh.
Let's get those tats a drink.
Oh, is that a dolphin?
And where is that naughty
little dolphin diving to?
Hello, Flipper.
[upbeat dance music]
Hey, Courtney.
Hi.
- Maggie.
- I heard you were here.
What a surprise.
Wow, you look beautiful.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry
about you and Susie.
You guys were together
for so long.
Five years.
But it's all for the better,
really.
We wanted different things.
Mm.
So does this mean I can finally
ask you out on a date?
Maggie, I would love that.
But, first, I really need
to find a bathroom.
Oh, wow.
You're pregnant.
Oh, I thought you knew--
with twins!
Oh.
Don't move.
(woman)
* I want you
* I want to be with you
So will I have
a book party like this?
Mm.
Would you like a book party
like this?
Absolutely not.
[laughter]
You look beautiful tonight.
Anton, I hope that
you didn't sign with me
for the wrong reasons.
Do you really believe
that I would put my book
in the hands of anyone other
than an extraordinary editor?
I would hope not.
But you cannot deny
that there is an attraction.
No.
I just...
don't want us becoming confused
about what's really important.
I believe it was Fitzgerald
who said that,
"The test of
a first-rate intelligence
"is the ability to hold
two opposed ideas
in mind at the same time."
I think it's highly possible
that F. Scott Fitzgerald
was drunk
when he said that.
[chuckles]
[glass clinking]
I wanted to say from the bottom
of my heart,
thank you, all,
so much for coming tonight.
She-donism is more than a book.
It's a bible.
There's only one commandment:
Close your hearts,
and open your legs
for everything
life has to offer!
Ha ha, Annabelle.
Oh, your unique sense of humor
is what is sure
to make She-donism
your next best seller.
Oh, my God.
I see my dealer.
Laurent!
[all gasping]
Oh, my God.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm good.
Okay, hi, Laurent--
All right, okay, yeah.
It's still glass.
Go around.
It's okay.
Don't tweet that.
What?
(woman)
* I want to get the party
started *
* Let me see you shake it,
shake it *
Maggie, have you seen Annabelle?
No, but I did find Courtney.
She's nine months pregnant.
She wants me to take her home
so we can bang each other's
brains out.
Apparently,
double the hormones,
double the horny.
Wow. Good for her.
All I cared about
in my last trimester
was fried chicken
and my doughnut pillow.
Listen, can you stay
at Josh's tonight?
Sure.
Are you gonna go for it?
Why not? You know, sometimes
life gives you what you ask for.
But just--it's just not
the way you pictured it.
Besides, her tits are huge now.
Oh, all right.
Did you see this?
(Lauren)
Annabelle is a Vine.
[all gasp]
[gasps]
Oh, my God.
- How do we take that down?
- Take it down?
You can't buy
this kind of publicity.
Believe me.
I have tried.
Oh, mop and bucket--
I got to go.
That's got Annabelle written
all over it.
Stay.
Okay.
Oh, God.
Oh...
Diana?
I saw everything on Twitter.
This party is a disaster.
(Liza)
No, no, it's not a disaster.
We have thousands of retweets,
and we're a Vine--
a trending Vine.
You're welcome.
(Diana)
Let's just get her out of here
before she kills herself.
(Annabelle)
Is that Diana?
Dirty Diana.
[shushes]
Oh, let's go to Club Shelter
and dance in a cage.
Shut up.
I'm taking you home.
You used to be fun.
I still love you, Grandma.
Oh, okay, let's get her
out the back door quietly.
You're a really good friend.
No, a good friend would
stop bailing her out
and let her hit rock bottom.
This is professional.
She is my author.
Now let's get her out of here
while she still has her
underwear on.
Hoist.
[grunts] Oh, God.
I still have my underwear on?
This was a terrible party.
Liza, why did so many Amish move
to Williamsburg?
They're not Amish.
They're Hasidic.
But they're all wearing Prada.
How do they afford it?
What do they all do
for a living?
They're not wearing Prada.
That's just how they dress.
Get her in the car
before she chokes
on her hair extensions.
(Annabelle)
I ordered a white Town car
with beige interior.
All right, let's get
you buckled up for safety.
Be careful with your hands,
sweetie.
They're a dead giveaway.
This is your purse.
When you throw up,
you throw up straight into it.
- Understand?
- Understand what?
Miss Winehouse left her shoes--
Oh, that's all right.
I'll bring them
to her doorman later.
- Okay.
(Annabelle)
Club Shelter, please.
- No.
- Whoo!
(woman)
* Oh
[grunts]
Huh.
I haven't been off my feet
for the last 17 hours.
It was fun visiting you
at work, though.
You are such a good sport.
It was very entertaining.
[groans]
Make it stop.
I can't see it.
It's awful.
You know, I figured out
what her problem is.
What's that?
That she won't act her age.
I mean,
she's clearly in her 40s.
She acts like she's in her 20s.
I mean,
why would people do that?
I think some women
feel a little...
I don't know--
lost
when they turn 40.
You know, there's a lot
of pressure to be young.
[chuckles]
I wonder what we're gonna be
like in our 40s.
I think I'm gonna be a lot
like I am now.
Me too.
Ow. CrossFit.
The more you do it,
the less it hurts.
Sure.
[chuckles]
Did you see?
Finally fixed the bimini top.
I can't take the title, David.
Sure you can.
And you can use the boat
whenever you want.
They still do fireworks out here
on the Fourth.
No, I can't keep
bailing you out.
It isn't helping you.
If I'd stopped a long time ago,
maybe things wouldn't have
gotten this bad.
Things aren't that bad.
I just hit a rough spot.
That's all.
I'm gonna turn it around.
You'll see.
I'm not gonna take the boat,
David.
But I'll lose her.
I know.
Wow.
It's like you turned into this
completely different person.
[chuckles]
Maybe I have.
Good luck, David.
- Hey.
Did you get the tablet art
for the Happy Vegan Cookbook?
Uh, yeah,
I'll forward it to you.
Thanks.
So are we just not gonna talk
about Bjornberg?
I saw you guys last night
at the party.
Oh.
And Diana almost saw you too.
Yikes.
All right.
I will be more discreet.
I don't think it's discretion
that's the issue.
I don't think I need
a lecture right now.
Kelsey, I'm only saying this
because I care about you.
And you're too smart
to be known
as the editor who sleeps
with her author.
Okay, Liza,
I know that you care.
But I know what I'm doing.
And you're not my mother.
You know what,
you're right.
I'm sorry.
I am so totally
not your mother.
(man)
* Ooh, ooh
Caitlin, hey.
I can't believe it's been a week
since I last talked to you.
I heard Dad had to get rid
of the boat.
Uh, yeah, I heard about that.
Sucks.
First the house, now the boat.
It's like everything's
going away.
Well, I'm not going away
ever.
You hear me?
Yeah.
All right, so tell me
what's going on with you.
You said you got invited
to a Hindu wedding?
Yeah, do you want
the short version
or the long version?
The long version.
And start from the beginning.
(Caitlin)
Mom, it was so beautiful
and over-the-top.
The whole village was there--
like, 500 people.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org